Add Hello-channels, stub for containers etc and reorder training modules (#391)
nextflow-io/training: docs/hello_nextflow/01_orientation.md

# Orientation

The Gitpod environment contains some test data that will be used in this training course. All software required is already installed and configured in it too.

!!! note

    Follow [this link](../../envsetup/) if you have not yet set up your Gitpod environment.

## Materials provided

Throughout this training course, we'll be working in the `hello-nextflow/` directory.

```bash
cd /workspace/gitpod/hello-nextflow
```

> This directory contains all the code files, test data and accessory files you will need. Feel free to explore the contents of this directory; the easiest way to see what it contains is the use the `tree` command (here we generate a table of contents to the second level down).

Reviewer: I'd not say it's the easiest way, I'd reckon the file browser within VS code might be easier, but tree is pretty good:
```suggestion
This directory contains all the code files, test data and accessory files you will need. Feel free to explore the contents of this directory; an easy way to see what it contains is the use the `tree` command (here we generate a table of contents to the second level down).
```

    ├── hello-world-8.nf
    ├── hello-world-9.nf
    ├── modules
    └── nextflow.config

13 directories, 48 files

```

> **The `data` directory** contains the input data we'll use in Part 2: Hello Science, which uses an example from genomics to demonstrate how to build a simple analysis pipeline. The data is described in detail in that section of the course.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**The `data` directory** contains the input data we'll use in Part 3: Hello Science, which uses an example from genomics to demonstrate how to build a simple analysis pipeline.
The data are described in detail in that section of the course.
```

Author: Oh no you're a "data are" person, and here I thought we were going to get along 🤣 (j/k)

**The file `nextflow.config`** is a configuration file that sets minimal environment properties.

**The file `hello-world.nf`** is a simple but fully functional workflow script that serves as a starting point to Part 1: Hello World.

> **The file `hello-gatk.nf`** is a stub that serves as a starting point to Part 2: Hello Science. In its initial state, it is NOT a functional workflow script.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**The file `hello-gatk.nf`** is a stub that serves as a starting point to Part 3: Hello Science.
In its initial state, it is NOT a functional workflow script.
```
